Hello everyone.

My business idea will be about one of the common problems. My target group is people who wears glasses, especially optic ones. I also wear this as you can see. 
So what is the problem. Well, first of all I want to mention that optic glasses divided into two categories: Minus and Plus. Mine is mines. 
For example, for me I need to wear these glasses when I look far away or electronic devices. Other than that it is harmful for me. 
It is contrary for people who wears plus. It becomes dirty when we take off and take on. In summer we need to wear glasses that is for both sunshine and optic.
So what my idea does. I completely change glasses to hologrammes. 

4th slide
Well it can be imaginative right. My smart glasses will have different services that
will provide to people. The different thing between my glasses will be its optic mode.
Others will change for optic mode. This means that you will buy glasses that is your 
type for optic mode. For example I am minus 3. Give me smart glasses that its optic
is minus 3. In summer it will turn into black. Evening mode yellow. I think that
this yellow is very great when you drive the car. And finally 3D mode.

5th slide
1.Rivalry among existing companies -- In my opinion competitive rivalry will be 
low, so my company will have greater power to charge higher prices 
and set the terms of deals to achieve higher sales and profits. There is other company
who also produces smart glasses but theirs is only about computers in glasses. 
They dont solve the problems I mentioned above.
2.Potential of New Entrants Into an Industry -- To be on top of my business I will 
always try to be more succesful and offer more services each year. In this speed I 
think no one will be able to catch up with me.
3. Power of Suppliers -- My inputs will be unique and have to be efficient that 
my customers will be satisfied. For this reason I will choose my suplier wisely 
and be a partner with him throughthought the years.
4.Power of Customers -- As I mentioned before my customers will be people who wears
glasses.My company will have many, smaller, independent customers that it will
be easy to charge higher prices to increase profitability. 
5.Threat of Substitutes-- My Company that produce unique good for which there are
no close substitutes will have more power to increase prices and lock in favorable terms
6th slide
1.Social -- It will help my target people a lot. They will be eager to buy it.
2.Technological --  we will try to use internet which can provide many opportunities to innovate and increase production.
3.Economic - We can have problem with our supplier. Bacause when demand will be high we will need
more resources. This may result in price increases across the resources if currency rates become unfavourable.
4.Environmental - We will not harm environment
5.Political - We have nothin to do about that.
6.Legal - I dont think we can meet legal penalties. Because we will be efficient in our work.
7th slide
I will need Doctors. It is very essential part. Because everything is based on optic 
mode . It dosent have to be a good design, but also right degrees of hologram.
For this reason IT speacialists and doctors have to work effeciently. Then near the end 
designers can do their work.

By selecting partners with different expertise, I can broaden the scope of
my business. This could expand my customer base, which can increase my
earning potential. Partners with different skill sets will also help to spread 
out the workload.

8th slide
First I will try to use my own money. But at the meantime I will also search for investors.
The purpose why I do like that is because every investor dont want to start smth new, they want to finish
that real quick and gain money.

9th slide
In case no one wants to invest into my business idea, I will try to partner with one of the glass companies
I will introduce them my idea. And I will tell them that you will improve a lot. You will be powerful.
How I am gonna introduce to the society
I will do demostrations at the malls, mostly public places. I can also record tutorial videos to help people
After a while I think production will increase.

















